c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\bin\Debug\ProgramsPanel.exe.config
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\bin\Debug\ProgramsPanel.exe
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\bin\Debug\ProgramsPanel.pdb
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\ProgramsPanel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\ProgramsPanel_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\ProgramsPanel_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\ProgramsPanel.g.resources
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\ProgramsPanel.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\ProgramsPanel.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\ProgramsPanel.exe
c:\users\victo\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\ProgramsPanel.pdb
C:\Users\victo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\Panel.g.cs
C:\Users\victo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\Panel.baml
C:\Users\victo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
C:\Users\victo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\Resources\IconsNonShared.baml
C:\Users\victo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\victo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\victo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\victo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\victo\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ProgramsPanel\ProgramsPanel\obj\Debug\App.baml
